<span class="badge bg-primary-subtle border border-primary-subtle text-primary-emphasis rounded-pill"><i class="bi bi-hash"></i> Supported</span>
# beta-2024-08
<br/>

#### Changes
- Assets in `.blueprint/assets` have been resorted to simplify searching for Blueprint branding assets.
- Add new assets (including the new retro icons) to `.blueprint/assets` and remove older ones.
- Outdated stylesheet/scripts (due to browser cache) prevention has been completely reworked and should no longer require any user intervention.
- Add new `importScript()` and `importStylesheet()` APIs to [BlueprintExtensionLibrary](?page=documentation/$blueprint) that work with the new cache refresh rework.
- Add new `bp:cache` artisan command to flush script and stylesheet cache.
- Add new [Components.yml](?page=documentation/componentsyml) APIs for extending the "Dashboard". (`BeforeContent` and `AfterContent`)
- [Custom controllers](?page=developing-extensions/Custom-controllers) can now utilize 2 additional HTTP methods (`PUT`, `DELETE`).
- Add new [`developerEscalateInstallScript`](?page=documentation/flags) flag which allows developers to run install scripts with the same permissions as Blueprint has. This flag will only function when installing extensions through developer commands.
- The Blueprint ascii logo showing in `-info` has been modified to the (vertical) retro version.
- Descriptions of the `bp:sync` and `bp:latest` artisan commands have been changed.
- Add new "Find more extensions" button to extensions page to promote the [Blueprint extension repository](/browse).
- Removed Bash autocompletion for `-debug`.
- Slight spacing changes on extension admin pages.

<br/>

#### Bugfixes
- Database migrations did **not run** after completing extension installation transactions.
- Users using Bash as their shell experienced errors with autocompletion on `-install` and `-remove`.
- Blueprint's `bp:sync` command used the admin version of [BlueprintExtensionLibrary](?page=documentation/$blueprint) instead of the console version.
- Section content height was incorrect on the "Extensions" admin page, which is fixed in this release.

<br/>

#### Breaking Changes
- Blueprint no longer drops older database migrations from before 02/03/2024 `(dd/mm/yyyy)`. Updating from installations before this date might require manual intervention.