<span class="badge bg-warning-subtle border border-warning-subtle text-warning-emphasis rounded-pill"><i class="bi bi-binoculars-fill"></i> Pre-release</span>
# beta-2025-04
<br/>

#### Changes
- Improved asset rebuilding speeds through caching (2-4x faster).
- Implement `-watch`, an experimental new tool that rebuilds extensions on every file save and sets up `yarn watch` where needed.
- Add component path aliases for Blueprint. (`@blueprint`)
- Add a few components to our new `@blueprint/ui` UI library.
- Admin-only component routes will now be highlighted with an "ADMIN" badge in the navigation bar.
- Component imports are now type-safe. Blueprint now exposes Pterodactyl's types to developers in a `.dist/types` directory.
- Implement new `-dist` command to initialize/update the development `.dist` directory.
- `-export` now always excludes the following files and directories from being included in the final extension package: `.git/`, `.dist/`, `.gitkeep`.

<br/>

#### Bugfixes
- Developer mode flag value was sent twice in the same telemetry request.
- `ISO-8859-6` system encoding caused issues with extensions utilizing [Components.yml](?page=documentation/componentsyml)'s navigation routes and [Console.yml](?page=documentation/consoleyml)'s artisan commands.
- `-query` did not exit when using it on an unknown extension.

<br/>

#### Breaking Changes
- Since `beta-2024-12`, Blueprint stores environment-related variables in a `.blueprintrc` file. This version officially deprecates storing said variables inside of the `blueprint.sh` file and will attempt automatic migration to a `.blueprintrc` file.
- For a while now, Blueprint has imported both Bootstrap Icons and Boxicons, making the admin panel slower. Boxicons has now been removed.