<span class="badge bg-warning-subtle border border-warning-subtle text-warning-emphasis rounded-pill"><i class="bi bi-binoculars-fill"></i> Pre-release</span>
# beta-2024-11
<br/>

#### Changes
- Blueprint now automatically deletes `.gitkeep` from the extension development folder after any developer command has been ran.
- Add `extensionList()` to [BlueprintExtensionLibrary](?page=documentation/$blueprint).
- `fileRead($path)` and `fileWipe($path)` now use PHP functions instead of shell commands.
- **License holder name has been updated** from "Ivy (prpl.wtf)" to "Emma (prpl.wtf)".
- Move extension admin page website icon detection to case statement in `-install`.
- [`Console.yml`](?page=documentation/consoleyml) intervals are now detected through case statements, instead of if statements.
- Extension icon file extension detection has been moved to a case statement, instead of an if statement.
- Blueprint badge asset has changed size to a higher quality version.
- Update `FUNDING.yml` and add additional issue templates.
- Undocumented [`Components.yml`](?page=documentation/componentsyml) "permission" value has been added to debug logs.
- `-info` values are now dimmed in supported terminal emulators.
- `dbGet($table, $record)` now has an optional argument `$default` which will be returned if the database record is empty.
- Migrations are now forced on extension installs. This change makes the [`developerForceMigrate` flag](?page=documentation/flags) obsolete.
- Add `engine` [placeholder](?page=documentation/placeholders).
- Broadcast `queue:restart` command on extension transaction.
- Deprecated flags now provide warnings on extension transactions.
- Add private version of ExtensionFS (`blueprint_private:<identifier>`) that is symlinked to the extension's private directory.
- [`Components.yml`](?page=documentation/componentsyml) has a new "Global" scope within "Dashboard".
- Install, remove and export scripts now have access to the `$ENGINE` environment variable.

<br/>

#### Bugfixes
- Some parts of Blueprint's React modifications caused errors with Prettier in certain cases.
- Use `printf` instead of `echo` to write to `installed_extensions` as a way to prevent new lines from generating.
- Removing the first installed extension causes a Laravel routing error.

<br/>

#### Breaking Changes
- [`conf.yml`](?page=documentation/confyml) `requests_controllers` has been deprecated and will alias to `requests_app`. This does not change implementation and can be resolved by renaming the configuration option.
- [BlueprintExtensionLibrary](?page=documentation/$blueprint)'s `dbGet($table, $record)` method now returns `null` when a value is empty, instead of returning an empty string.
- [BlueprintExtensionLibrary](?page=documentation/$blueprint)'s **legacy variation** is being phased out. All `notify` and `file` methods now return false. This does not impact admin, client and console variations.
- Resolved docs/implementation mismatch causing `requests_routers` to default to `application` instead of `web`. Backwards compatibility is not provided with this change.
- Extension [flags](?page=documentation/flags) `hasInstallScript`, `hasRemoveScript` and `hasExportScript` have now been deprecated. Scripts now run by default and no longer require a flag.
- [BlueprintExtensionLibrary](?page=documentation/$blueprint)'s `notifyNow()` and `notifyAfter()` have been deprecated.